Block chain: The blocks are connected. Each block depends on the previous block based on
something. This is why it is called a chain. The blocks are linked.

A block is a vertical list of verified transactions. Every block has its own unique hash
value.
The chain represents the linkage between the blocks. To get the hash of a new block, 
the hash of the previous block is also taken in and is used in a way to generate the
hash of the new block. A change in the hash of the previous block will lead to in a 
change in the hash of the new block, which shows that each blocks are linked and 
that is why it is referred to as a BlockChain. The whole hash process is done by a special
algorithm.

Structure of BlockChain
Let's take a look at these systems
A centralised Bank: This means that whoever wants to make financial transactions
has to go through this bank. It does not matter how far you are from this bank.
You still have to come all the way to use the services of this bank.

A decentralised Bank: This same bank occur in different areas and the need for a center
bank for transactions is eliminated. This is also not enough, as these different
banks need to find a way to get connected, so transactions can be made much faster.

Distributed Network: These Scattered banks are connected to one another forming a 
crystal like network system. Each bank can fully communicate with any other bank
in the network.

The structure of a block chain uses these Systems. It is a decentralised and 
distributed Network.

Each bank in the network is called a Node.
Each Nodes are interconnected with one another.

Operations of a BlockChain
The Block chain provides transparency and anonymousity.

As every node performs the same operation as existing physical banks. The agreed upon
medium of value for exchange is called a CryptoCurrency eg Bitcoin.

Now we understand the Network.
How do I use it?
First, you need to be connected to this network, just like how you open an account with
a bank. 
Just that in this case, this is an open bank. The network is open to everyone in the 
world, and you register yourself with an Wallet.

Wallet is a means of identification on the Bitcoin Network.
It is made of two things, the public key, which is your wallet ID, what everyone sees
to perform a transaction with you. A private key, just like the pin to your debit Card.
This private key should be kept secret and it is what is used
to sign or give consent by the wallet owner on the transaction being made.
Since the names of the owners are not on the Wallet just the Wallet ID, which is 
a set of a special and unique digit of Numbers. It provides anonymosity

How does this work?
Every Node in the network has its copy of the block chains pr list of blocks
which consists of all the transactions being made on the network.

For a new Block to be added the Block Chain. First the new block is a vertical list
of unverified transactions. Every node  competes to add a new bock to the already existing
block chains.
To do this they have to solve an algorithmic puzzle of which helps positionthe next block
to be added to the block chain.

Every block has an Hash which is of 64 characters and this hash is in a 
specific format. Let's say it must start with four Zeros.

This new block has an header that consists of meta-data.
This header is hashed. The BlockChain network develops a target for the new block.
This is the puzzle the miners are trying to solve. They must generate a value 
below the target. These values occur in a particular format of hexadecimals.

To generate this puzzle key which is what I call it. 
The Network provides an hint to solve the puzzle. This extra hint is called a Nonce
The Nonce is a set of numbers which any miner can develop a value for which
is used to to generate a Hash Value, which if the generated hash is less than the target
the puzzle has been solved and the miner goes ahead to verify the the transactions in the 
block. This generates the proof of work.


This is referred to as the proof of work in the BlockChain Network  After this is
completed it then informs every other node of the transaction and the other nodes
verifies the gotten Nonce, if it gives the correct Hash, they also verify the transactions
given it is all correct. The all broadcast their responses back to the network on the Block
being verified or Not. If more than 60% of the Miners vote that the 
new block is verified, the new block 
get added to the network.

How do We code this Out.......


Stages of Logic:
Each New Block contains data about the previous block

